Teaching support for CUDA module. (#413)
RSE-Sheffield/RSE-Sheffield.github.io: _project_descriptions/com4521.md

---
key: com4521
---

> This module gives students an insight into how to write high performance parallel code with a specific emphasis on GPU programming with NVIDIA CUDA GPUs. A key aspect of the module is to teach understanding of what the implications of program code are on the underlying hardware so that it can be optimised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[COM4521](http://paulrichmond.shef.ac.uk/teaching/COM4521/) 
is a [4th year MEng and MSc Computer Science module](http://www.dcs.shef.ac.uk/intranet/teaching/public/modules/level4/com4521.html) that 
teaches students how to write high performance parallel code with a specific emphasis on GPU programming with NVIDIA CUDA GPUs.
A key aspect of the module is to teach understanding of what the implications of program code are on the underlying hardware so that it can be optimised.
```

> For the 2018-2019 academic year Mozhgan Kabiri Chimeh acted as module leader for and delivering the 4th year & Msc [Computer Science module](http://www.dcs.shef.ac.uk/intranet/teaching/public/modules/level4/com4521.html) [COM4521](http://paulrichmond.shef.ac.uk/teaching/COM4521/), providing paternity cover for the usual module leader Paul Richmond. Due to the module's highly specialist nature various members of the RSE team, familiar with CUDA, have provided teaching support to the module since it's inception in the 2015-2016 academic year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module was developed in 2015 by Paul Richmond, director of the team and is facilitated annually by Paul with assistance from others in the team who also have GPU programming (inc. CUDA) expertise.
For the 2018-2019 academic year Mozhgan Kabiri Chimeh, alumnus of the team, facilitated the module as part of paternity cover for Paul.```
